Miscellaneous style guide edits (#6441)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_api/api_limits.md

- Up to 50 specific `external_ids`, each with individual message parameters
- A segment of any size created in the Braze dashboard, specified by its `segment_id`

> - An audience segment of any size, defined in the request as a [connected audience][2] object

Author: ```suggestion
- Users who match additional audience filters of any size, defined in the request as a [connected audience][2] object
```

> - An impromptu audience segment of any size, defined in the request as a [connected audience][2] object

Author: ```suggestion
- An audience segment of any size, defined in the request as a [connected audience][2] object
```
